I just have nothing
none I got this job this family
but nothing lasts forever I heard you
had to leave in a hurry
it's never easy these days
so what are you going to do I've lived a
lot of lives but I'm done running from
my past
[Music]
and now you're out there I know you know
I'm out here so we gonna talk like
grown-ups is that what we are
[Music]
it's good to see you sis what brings you
home
we've unfinished business
we have to go back to where it all
started
lucky us
one thing's for sure gonna be a hell of
a reunion
[Music]
- still fits family back together again
you got fat
[Music]
look at this
all those years in the big city we
finally got out we're living the dream
maybe there's a dream
[Music]
then everything just blew up big flash
like a pink light or actually I don't
even know what color it was it wasn't
like any color I'd ever seen before
looks like a meteorite
it's radioactive I mean it's from space
right
meteorites a Germany no more dangerous
than ordinary L'Occitane okay so do they
just disappear
did you plant those no wart here for a
sec oh god who's talking to you it's in
the stat he gets into moisture sin here
is out there
that's out there is in here now
everything's under control
here you know in denial do you from the
meteorite changes everything around it
[Music]
it's just good color believe me no I
don't want to believe anymore
[Applause]
[Music]
everything's gonna be a-okay so I tell
you a story
it's the story of an orphan girl from a
faraway land he was sent to live a
mysterious house
[Music]
and what if I were to tell you she
discovered something magical
[Music]
scooping secret
would you believe me
[Music]
if you cause me trouble I'll have you
sent away in an instant
[Music]
and you either I did something this
garden it's capable of extraordinary
things now will you believe in the magic
[Music]
nine-one-one
what is your emergency
[Music]
hello
are you there
is anyone with you
can you get to a safe area
hello I lost my family three years ago
if it wasn't her accident there was a
bomb on that plane I need your help to
find the ones who did this I've got
nothing to lose what about your life
what about it I'm gonna say this once
even if you succeed it won't be worth it
[Music]
I'm making streets walking the streets
you promised me you won't do nothing
silly why are you here
drop in question and how would you do
that
violently
you're much more human than I thought
you'd be I think that's look of disgust
he's another clue about the scale of the
mess you've course
[Music]
did you sleep last night
this is my report on the Soviet question
what's your answer I don't have one
the Kremlin is broke so how were the
Soviets suddenly on spending spree
arranging an interview with Stalin
garrets I've been trying to reach you
go see Walter Durant via the New York
Times listen I really need to talk to
you I found something big it can break
this door wide open
Paul mr. Jones mr. durante why are you
really here I need your help
this is ADA Brooks she's my style Paul's
dead robbery three days ago what do you
want the story no one is talking about I
saw him for pellets in his back and you
don't think it was a robbery what was
Paul working on Ukraine
how rich this country is have asked so
there's nothing but wheat fields grains
Stalin's gold
I guess the agenda now I don't have an
agenda
unless you call truth an agenda yes but
whose truth
what were you doing the others come
forward what's being done here will
transform mankind we can still do
something we cannot let Stalin get away
with this what do you expect me to do
exactly the Soviet Union is not the
worker's paradise that was promised
it is not the great experiment that you
read about in the press
[Music]
Stan's not the man who you think you
he's saying this at her
[Music]
you go out there and show the world I
have myself an indentured servant that
Kelly is this name make a name for
yourself used to teach you to kill men
nothing comes free this would be who you
are meant to be the man you pretend to
be you're a boy
pink red captain's tell them what to do
sure we're rebels employers and you all
wear dresses
[Music]
nothing scares a man like crazy you boys
wanna build an army
your body bulletproof
you gave your mind
don't not now lol mustn't be best
thought of the man cannot change the
past nor outrun his destiny you're a man
no you're my little man
I am called the coldest murder on record
but others knowing the truth
[Music]
operation Abilene was one of the
bloodiest battles of the Vietnam War an
entire company nearly wiped out right
from miracle
his name is Pitts
it saved lives we put him up for the
Medal of Honor but he never got the
medal justice delayed is justice denied
the Medal of Honor is the highest
recognition of military valor there is
you prepare full decorations review mr.
Fitz and Barger sir from the Department
of Defense I'm here to learn about your
son if you want a real story you'll need
to talk to the mud soldiers
I never seen us men like that
get some bunker comes down there why I
say he's mad he never even knew it
sounds like a suicide mission suicide
it's hopeless
put some Barbara did was a fowler you
kept telling him to get out where you
were to go it was our save lives and
that's what he was doing
why are you here because you're here now
we shouldn't even have been there don't
ever shut what are you saying that's
friendly fire we're fighting our own men
after-action report is missing we even
thought of operation a plan in the first
place it's not a can of worms you won't
open
why not information was removed from the
original review
you didn't idea of your starting I have
never seen you back off of anything
usually we're judged by what we do but
what we don't do is what haunts us I'm
gonna go public with the story sounds a
little dangerous but it'll be great
television getting that metal for pits
for men our loss might be the only
decent thing I pull out of that wolf but
some are his father
it's done dying isn't harder than losing
our child do what you can
guys like put some powder to what they
do for each other
life or a life I need to finish this
embraced masses young man and show us
that the sacrifices of the Fallen will
never be forgotten
you
I arrived at epsilon T State Hospital
summer of 1959 I left teaching to begin
an ambitious study of delusional
patients I would really like to help you
Joseph
he's addressed me as my proper name
Jesus Christ the righteous one am i I
have three patients believe they're
Jesus Christ there can be but only one
side of that that's my point
trust me by my righteous name God
teaming up with the three of them in a
room study their behavior wait I think
eleven close the reason I'm having these
meetings that can only be one Jesus only
one God on that to rear Isaac's I'm
shaking off all of your negativity and
all of your squelches all of your
squelching we do not have false follow
that gods in Great Britain they're our
Father send a boy to do a man's job
knock it off knock
Ellen please be careful as a possible to
really understand someone else's
delusion there are limits
you can't exceed
it's brave and important what you're
doing you decide if the gains outweigh
the obvious risks
gentlemen I want one of you to lead each
of the meetings I think we should have a
vote I nominate Joseph Daul family
[Music]
an animus why do you want to work with
paranoid schizophrenics
because the sold online
by the grace of Jesus Christ you're safe
companionship joy hope will I be able to
offer these men a means to find
themselves
you